it's it it's same right and you say that
stuff is the same no is it saying you
see it see see
they say yes yes it is okay now I'm
going to take this spot water I'm going
to call it in this okay
so is this more or this more who can say
which one is more this more are this one
more tell me which is more huh this is
more this is less what do you think this
is more this is what I wanna show
basically when the water is in the same
container they're able to say it's the
same but the same water has been blown
into a different container they think
which is more is this one so I just want
to show you some more experiments as to
how kids understand this placement and
in how difficult it is for them
yeshuaa can you tell me which draw is
longer or is it same size all three are
same size okay can you tell me now which
is longer can you tell me which is
longer yeah both of them are able to see
which is longer as which is more towards
them they're able to understand only if
it is in same length so effect plays it
like this they're able to clearly
understand that both are same length and
if I move one of them away from each
other they're able to see that one is
longer the other but they forget that
this is displacement that is here so we
experiment like simple things that they
understand and we teach them how it is
the same thing and how we are just by
moving things around they're able to no
really think what is happening with
these things I'm going to show you one
more experiment how these kids think
about displacement whoo balls so I'm a
can you say which one is they got which
one is same can you say something about
this
can you give me that please see they
recording so we'll show them how it is
done okay you have to tell me if it is B
or C okay you know how it is then it is
big right or when it is same size okay
do you think anything is big here or its
same amount huh that's not what do you
think it said now let's do this okay
roll it roll it when you tell me this
finally can you come here
thank you okay it's not rolling back
okay can you tell me which is big how
does it sing what do you think this is
it same says yes it's same size but okay
what do you think huh me up which is big
big bitch is big you want to take which
is big can you take which is big
so let's tell you yes
it's just big can you pick which is big
can you pick the chest you can't be both
you have to pick only one only one which
is big can you pick which is big
is it big is this mob or is it same size
hmm can you tell me clearly everybody is
waiting tell me is this bigger is this
de Cobo the same what you think
very good can you tell me which is big
yeah correct
very good job so again this is the third
experiment we did first with water
second with straws and third with clay
they are able to see this as big because
they have assumed that nope when the
features are changing they are not able
to understand the future they are only
able to see the shapes and say this is
big and this is small so this is what we
contact experiments and we activities
which they understand slowly that it is
the same clay dough that we are playing
with in the same quantity and same size
size doesn't directly change them into
new quantity thank you